Ms. Bailey, why are you still here? You were to leave 20 minutes ago.
Please. My boyfriend can't stop treatment. He'll die.
We are a private healthcare institution. I have rules I must follow. No pain or stay. It's time to leave.
Why is the last patient still here? The next one's already on their way up. Please, Doctor. He was going to wake up. I know it.
Look, I already told you. There's no hope. He's been a vegetable in a coma for three years now. I'm sorry. It's time to face facts.
Let's go, Leo. We'll find a way.
Ms. Bailey, wait. Please. I know things have been rough. There is hope for him. You can apply for a medical charity program here at Thorne Group.
The medical charity program? Yes. Just tell them everything you've been through with him and see what they can do.
If you persuade them hard enough, they can help you. I promise you. Thank you. Thank you, Doctor. I'll do that right now.
Of course. And good luck. You'll wake up, Leo. I promise.